readme: add TiKV logo and CNCF announcement (#3812)
tikv/tikv: README.md

![tikv_logo](images/tikv-logo.png)

[![Build Status](https://circleci.com/gh/tikv/tikv.svg?style=shield&circle-token=36bab0a8e43edb0941b31c38557d2d9d0d58f708)](https://circleci.com/gh/tikv/tikv) [![Coverage Status](https://codecov.io/gh/tikv/tikv/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/tikv/tikv) ![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/tikv/tikv.svg)

> TiKV ("Ti" stands for Titanium) is an open source distributed transactional key-value database. Unlike other traditional NoSQL systems, TiKV not only provides classical Key-Value APIs, but also transactional APIs with ACID compliance. Built in Rust and powered by Rust, TiKV was originally created to complement [TiDB](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb), a distributed HTAP database compatible with the MySQL protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiKV ("Ti" stands for Titanium) is an open source distributed transactional key-value database. Unlike other traditional NoSQL systems, TiKV not only provides classical Key-Value APIs, but also transactional APIs with ACID compliance. Powered by Rust, TiKV was originally created to complement [TiDB](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb), a distributed HTAP database compatible with the MySQL protocol.
```

Author: @Hoverbear Fixed. Thanks!

The design of TiKV is inspired by some great distributed systems from Google, such as BigTable, Spanner, and Percolator, and some of the latest achievements in the academia in recent years, such as the Raft consensus algorithm.

![cncf_logo](images/cncf.png)

> TiKV is hosted by the [Cloud Native Computing Foundation](https://cncf.io/) (CNCF). If you are an organization that wants to help shape the evolution of technologies that are container-packaged, dynamically-scheduled and microservices-oriented, consider joining the CNCF. For details about who's involved and how TiKV plays a role, read the CNCF [announcement](https://www.cncf.io/blog/2018/08/28/cncf-to-host-tikv-in-the-sandbox/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiKV is proudly part of the [Cloud Native Computing Foundation](https://cncf.io/) (CNCF). If you are an organization that wants to help shape the evolution of technologies that are container-packaged, dynamically-scheduled and microservices-oriented, consider joining the CNCF. For details about who's involved and how TiKV plays a role, read the CNCF [announcement](https://www.cncf.io/blog/2018/08/28/cncf-to-host-tikv-in-the-sandbox/).
```

Author: @Hoverbear I referred to some other CNCF projects and found the word "hosted" is widely used. So I keep it as "hosted by". :)
